./" This is the manpage of the shell program in the project of Holberton School
.TH SIMPLE_SHELL 1 2021-07-12 GNU

.SH NAME
	hsh — shell, the standard command language interpreter

.SH SYNOPSIS

	./hsh

.SH DESCRIPTION

	The sh utility is a command language interpreter that shall execute commands read from a command line string, the standard
input, or a specified file.

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES

	The following environment variables shall affect the execution of sh:

	HOME	Assigned auto at startup with the user's name. it is a default variable argument
	CDPATH	It looks exactly like the PATH variable containing with many different paths concatenated using ':'.
	PS1		This variable contains the string corresponding to the prompt ($ as a rule).
	PS2		This variable contains the string corresponding to the secondary prompt (> as a rule).
	PS3		Environment variable which contains the value of the prompt for the select operator inside the shell script.
	PS4		The PS4 shell variable defines the prompt that gets displayed, when you execute a shell script in debug mode
	PWD		This variable contains the path of the current directory.
	OLDPWD	This variable contains the last directory visited by the connected user
	PPID	This variable contains the ID of the parent process 
	PATH:	This variable contains a list of directories in which the shell looks for all commands that are executed.

	The PATH environment variable is used to locate commands in the directory tree.
By setting the PATH variable, you create a fixed set of directories in which the
system systematically searches for files to use when you enter a command name.

For example, if you have not defined a PATH variable and you want to copy a file, you must enter the full
path of the cp command, /usr/bin/cp. On the other hand, if the PATH variable you have defined includes
the /usr/bin directory, you only need to type cp and your system will execute the command. This is because
the system looks for the cp command in each directory mentioned in the PATH variable, and executes it when
it finds it.

.SH EXAMPLES

1. Execute a shell command from a string:

	- hsh ls -l *c

	- Displays all files in long format ending with the .c extension.


2. Execute a shell script from a file in the current directory:

	- hsh my_shell_cmds

built-ins

	env: Display the environment variable

	exit : Exit program

.SH AUTHORS
	Franck Leger, Github: @Falendrac, Email: leger_franck@hotmail.fr

	Lucie Delannay, Github: @Secatricia, Email: lucie.delrue04@gmail.com

	for Holberton school
